What's up Harmontown, hello hello hello, you know I'm gonna start it from here welcome to beautiful uptown Burbank everybody Harmontown is now in session
Speaking of special, let's bring out your game master, Spencer Crittenden
And of course if you're a Comptroller, I'm very happy to be back with Jeff Davis
Let's bring out the man of the hour, the mayor of Harmontown dinner
Thank you, thank you
Not a lot to talk about tonight, there was a gunman at large in Las Feliz last night
Yeah, I never heard what the denouement of that was
Yeah, well I don't think they caught him and I don't think they ever told anybody what was going on, so I think maybe it was like some kind of soylent green or body snatchers thing like the guy, maybe the guy was, maybe he knew too much
They either did or didn't catch him but in either case they can't tell us what happened
Do you think it was Antifa?
It could have been Antifa
You're looking very smart and you're in your bright red Cornell hoodie
Thank you, I just got back from Ithaca, New York and they gave me this hoodie
I thought it was a mistake to give me a women's studies degree, like I don't think, I don't know if I earned that
But as Susan B. Anthony says, fuck it, because I didn't earn the degree
Did they make you an honorary doctor or anything?
No
How does that work when you get an honorary degree or something? You can't use it for anything, right?
It must be watermarked honorary
Yeah, I think they say honorary
You can't just use it to go get a job
You can try
But red's kind of a nice color on your den, I've never seen you wear bright red
Yeah, I don't wear a lot of red
Yeah, I like it
Also wearing a Cornell hoodie, you look very collegiate
You look like you might have just taught poli sci
Yeah, I had a good time at that school
I guess that's a gig now that I can do
I hit some kind of tipping point where I can get invited to speak at colleges
The ratio of money to labor, which is, well, zero labor
And you're just talking to people that want, I mean, it was just a dude asking me questions
It was just like doing this show, but worse, I mean, like not
It wasn't as entertaining, but they were eating it up
And you were in that big, beautiful theater there
Yeah, it was a gorgeous theater, everybody was really nice, you know
Just laughed at everything I said
Were they too PC?
I hear that's a problem
Now, nothing of that sort came up really
It was just a lot of questions about writing and stuff
Kids, you know, TV is dispersed enough now as an industry
There's less money in it, but, you know, now that there's 500,000 places to make television
It's kind of satisfying to see these kids are talking about TV like it's carpentry or something
You know, like it's a viable occupation now
And if it's viable enough, if it's achievable enough
And that's going to mean very quickly, hopefully the representational problems that we have will be, you know
Those will get sorted out pretty fast as soon as you can actually think about TV writing as a potential job
The problem is, how the fuck is it?
You're making even less money now
There's more places to try to sell your TV show
So everybody's questions, they're all taking like these TV writing classes and stuff
And everybody's questions are all, you know, how, what do I do?
And I don't really have the answers for those kids
I'm not somebody that took a normal path through the system
I don't like me
Yeah, you have a show
I would say you took the most time honored of all the trajectories to get to where you are
Right, I kept my head down, I just put one foot in front of the other, you know, did the work
Spencer started running
Yeah, I hadn't really talked about it on the podcast because I didn't want to break the spell
But now I've basically stopped running so we could talk about it
For a while Spencer was tweeting there, I jagged 15 miles today and all this shit
I read those, the first one or two of those I thought was a little bit of irony or like you were being facetious
But no, you're really getting it done
And that was only after I was confident enough in my skills to actually publicize it
I was going for quite a while before I was doing that
Are you in a treadmill or are you out in the streets?
No, I was on Griffith Park, out in Griffith Park, running around in a big circle
Is that why your back is all jacked up right now?
Yeah, that's what I think
So your knee exploded, right?
Yeah, it's no good
I'm going to get a drink with you
There was a time that I was jogging and then like when I'd be driving my knees would hurt
And...
So, okay
Oh, for some reason I thought that Chris is making that noise
But it's a sound board
Zac McKeever, our sound guru, told me to get some sound effects because we have no audience
That's a bad fart sound
I mean, I guess it's like a free app fart sound
That's a sound? That's a professional sound?
See, that's so bad
I'm making a fart sound
Okay, I'm sorry
No, it's fine, I'm just insulting you
See, this is bad
See, that one's called nose
That's someone blowing their nose, but that sounds like a better fart, doesn't it?
Right, yeah, no
It definitely sounds like a better fart
We've got to get you some good Foley artists to work with
Oh my god, we do
You should get a Foley artist instead of a sound board
Oh my god, we should have full on old timey radio shows
Foley guys, we can put them under your podium
The story is going somewhere because Spencer hurt his knees back
Yeah, so just while driving it would hurt my knee while I was driving
And then I was like, oh, driving is fucking up my knee and I kept running
But I think that running was fucking up my knee
And I was only feeling it while I was driving until it got so bad that I felt it after I was running
And then I was like, oh, I bet I'm fucking myself up
And it was bad
And so then again, it was only hurt when I sit and when I was driving
And it would be the worst because I drive for work and also I drive for recreation
I would say I drive between two and three hours a day, most days
And most of that's just for fun, you know
And so it got
You just get out on the open road and just
Oh yeah, Blastin' Doughboys, it's a real fun time
So, you went to get
Well, I went to the doctor and but the day I went to the doctor
Then I started getting what I think is sciatica pain
Which is like on the side of your lower back
Yeah, it goes down your ass, cheek and down into your
Yeah, I would feel it right under my ass and then in my foot
And it was like really bad and so I went to see the doctor and he was like, oh, it's just inflammation
And I was like, well, there's this new thing that's coming up and he was like sciatica
And I was like, I don't know what that is and he was like, it's like your legs burning
And I was like, well, no
I was like, okay, but then I looked it up after I left and I was like, well, fuck no, that was what I had
He described it wrong, yeah, if he had said a tingling
Or like almost like an electrical pain
Yeah
Going shooting down your leg, just starting somewhere in your ass cheek
And then going down, I had that really bad
I thought I was gonna have to live with that forever
What'd you do?
Nothing?
Well, the first thing that fixed it was an inversion table
Oh, right
And then it started coming back and I may have fucked up my back more with the inversion table
I was evangelizing inversion tables for a while
Then McGathey had gone to some chiropractor
And that's Dr.
God, his name is Dr. Phil
Oh, yeah
Oh, no
And he doesn't like inversion tables?
Well, no, of course not
You know, Dan, I hear that in the medical community
Dr. Phil is known as something of a
Oh, yeah
If you want this to be a morning zoo show
I've taken the shit to a new level
People thought when we lost the audience the show was gonna suffer a showbiz once
No, we're reaching untold heights
Yeah, this is real
But you could have done that when there was an audience here
I know
We're evolving
While the audience isn't here, it's kind of like being in a cocoon
Yeah
Yeah, so while the knee pain was bad, this nerve pain was unbearable
And it came on a lot faster
And so I was like, I can't sit, which is a big part of my job
I can't drive, which is a bigger part of my job
I'm really freaking out
And then I couldn't run
So it's like everything that I had been doing with my life
I just all of a sudden couldn't do
And I was like, what am I doing with my life?
And so I talked to Brian LaFatta
And he was like, my brother does traditional Chinese medicine
You should see someone like that
And then I was like, acupuncture
And he was like, sure
And so I was like, you know who does acupuncture?
Steve Agee
And he also has terrible health
So I asked him what the deal was
And he recommended me to an acupuncturist
And I was like, yeah, because I got this sciatica
And he was like, holy shit, they really did wonders on my sciatica
And I was like, oh yeah, jackpot
And so I went like two or three days later
That's the thing is that I was scheduling these doctor's appointments
And it's like, we could see you in two weeks or whatever the fuck
But then the acupuncturists were like, yeah, come in tomorrow
Like come in the next day
And I was like, hell yeah, so it was great
Because at this point it was like another week or so
Before I'd get another doctor appointment
And I was in terrible pain
So I go to the acupuncturist
I couldn't sit down
The drive over to the acupuncturist was like torture
It was really, really bad
And by the time I was out of the car
I was like, I don't want to sit back down
And so I filled out the paperwork standing up
And then they brought me into this room
That had all this weird new age music
And relaxing music and a little steamy thing
Making vaporizing water into the air
And they laid me down onto a table
And I think this is part of it
There's like, they cultivate an air of mystique
They don't tell you anything, you know
And there's things that I took as maybe cold reading techniques
She was like, you don't drink enough water
And I was like, I drink a ton of water
I don't know
But I actually didn't drink any water that day
And when I peed after I left
And my pee was like neon yellow
And I was like, wow, she really was right
So they didn't tell me what I was doing
She just started stabbing needles into my back
And it hurt really bad
Really?
They go, I mean, not really bad
I mean, worse than a shot
But they poke it
And then I don't know why they do it
But they kind of push it in further
Kind of twisted around or something
I think she was trying to hit a nerve or whatever
Because then sometimes she would stab it right into like
What felt like a nerve and then it would just shoot
Like lightning down my body, you know
And I was like, you're trying to stay still
But like your whole body's like jerking
Because someone's stabbing you with fucking needles
Into your nerves, which are the things that are supposed to
Feel things the most, you know
It was really crazy
So she put the needles in
And then she left me for a while
And just left
And then she came back
And then she attached the wires to the needles
And was like, tell me when you feel it
And I was like, I don't feel it
And she was like, tell me when you feel it
And I'm like, what am I supposed to feel?
And she was like, you'll know
And then eventually it started feeling
Like someone was like rattling the little needles
Because of the electrical shock
I don't know if it was jiggling the needles or whatever
But it was like, so now I'm getting electricity
Sent through these needles that stabbed into my nerves
You know, and she turned up the power pretty high
Because I wasn't feeling it
And she was like, oh, you're a strong guy
And I was like, I don't know
I have a low pain tolerance
It's just pretty painful to be stabbed
I'm just not feeling the lightning
So then she turned on the lightning
And it was just zapping my body
And it was making my muscles twitch and stuff
And she's like, just hang out here
And I was like, for how long?
And it felt like 20 minutes
Just with this machine buzzing
And just vibrating my body
And I was making my nerves light up and glow
It was really crazy
But it felt like it was doing something
Because those very same nerves that were in terrible pain
Were the ones that are now buzzing with electricity and stuff
So it felt like something was happening
And then eventually the machine finished
And it made this crazy beeping sound
And she came back in and she took it all off
And then I didn't know this was going to happen
Because again, there's no communication
She just basically shows up and starts doing stuff
And she starts cupping me
You guys know about cupping?
Oh yeah, I do now, yeah
Yeah, I'm sure you do
Cupping is so weird, it better work
Yeah, I don't know
She cupped me basically on the same
If you don't know what cupping is
It's like a suction cup that they put
And then they use like a balloon pump or some shit
To suck all the air of it
So now like your skin is like sucking up
I thought the artisanal way of doing that
Is if they put like a match in there
Right, but she was just using what sounded like a balloon pump
Like you can't see because they put you face down at a table
And you're looking through like a toilet seat at a chair
That's below your face
And like you don't know anything that they're doing
You just assume it's not make like placebo magic
But yeah, so she cut me in all these spots
And that was really painful
Like that was as bad as it is to be stabbed with needles
That are shooting lightning through your body
Like being cupped was really bad
Are you gonna be mad at Levy if I saw the photo?
No, I know that happened
You could have just asked, man
I'm the victim of revenge porn
I didn't
Well, I didn't
You know, it's Levy had it on his phone
I was like, oh shit, and I saw it
And then I just
I'm not usually like I just
It was just like the air drop thing came up
But I just before I even knew what I was doing
I just hid it
Why did it come up?
Well, I don't know
It was just there
Yeah, that's not your fault if an air drop window pops
Well, no, it was
I mean, maybe it's because I hit the share button
I don't know
Oh, well, yeah, okay
Well, that's what the story was
Yeah, so you definitely did it
I didn't know what I was doing
I was just like, well, this seems like a valuable photo
I wasn't gonna show it to anybody else
I just, yeah, I really don't know
That's how it starts
Why that was my instinct
But you wouldn't show it to the viewers
No, that's the
What's embarrassing about that picture is
Not like it's everything but the cupping marks
Like, I have weird acne scars on my back
And then stretch marks and like way too much hair
Like, I took the picture and I was like, man
I wish that my skin was better
Because these cupping scars are crazy
But this is like a gross picture
Well, so anyways, I then take our word for it
Mr. and Mrs. America and all the ships at sea
Like, it's fucking like
You can see cupping pictures online
It looks exactly like that
Except on my ass
It's like giant hickeys
The diameter of a softball
Like a wine glass
What's the idea is it's drawing toxins out of your
That's what they said
She was like, it's turning color
That means it's working because it takes stuff out of you
And it's like, it's turning color
Because all the oxygen is being rushed out of my skin
To the surface of the skin
Because of a vast pressure differential
Has nothing to do with toxins
But it felt like anti-acupuncture
Because they were stabbing me before
And then those same spots they stab me
They were then sucking, you know, air
I don't know if it was like
But they look just like bruises
Are they, when you touch them
Do they hurt as much as a bruise?
That size would hurt
One of them kind of hurts
The rest don't really feel like anything
That's interesting
Yeah, but
It just looks like a straight up paintball bruise
Even worse really
Just like deep purple
Yeah, it was really painful
It's like if you know you get an Indian burn
Like they twist your skin on your arm
Or whatever
It felt like that for like 10 minutes
While the cups were on my back
It was really bad
But also they were making my muscles twitch
With the lightning
And so then like the muscles that were twitching
Just felt like I had exercised them to death
Like they felt dead and really really really sore
And so then by the time it was finished
I didn't feel like it wasn't crazy
Vast nerve pain
Like I still felt that nerve like acting up
But it just kind of felt like my ass was sore
And then I was like wow that's really crazy
And so yeah then I drove home
And I wasn't in terrible pain on the trip home
Which was the same journey, you know the same length trip
And then the next day it felt a lot better
And today I feel basically nothing
I was like driving around all today
You can kind of feel it a little bit coming in
After about an hour of driving
You feel nothing as in a good thing
You're not numb
Wow
I was told because I had a little sciatica like pain
A while back
And I was told and it instantly worked
Is do sit ups, do ab stuff
Yeah the one thing I looked up online
Was this one stretch where you put your leg on a chair
And then you kind of pull your toe inward
And I kept doing that and I think it was helping
There was one time I was driving and I had to like
Stop driving and get out of the car
And then I just walked around for a bit
And then stretched my leg like that until I could get back in
And it was no good
Here's the tough thing about back pain
Is it
You know your story is about
You know the doctor said
It's inflammation
Right
And he could just be
But that was when he was right
He wasn't talking about the sciatica at all
Because like he didn't know that was happening
Or you know he didn't understand it was like
Well anyways I mean it's like
It could have been
Because it could have been something pushing
It probably was
Pushing your sciatic nerve
And then that just got reduced
And now we don't know if acupuncture works
Right that's the thing is that
Anytime I do anything like that
I always have to ask is like
If I didn't do anything
Wouldn't I also improve to an extent
Over time anyway
But I don't know when I talked to Steve
He said he got it for really long bursts
And it didn't feel like it was going away
But then after that treatment
It just instantly started going away
So I don't know but I mean you know
Not like intuitively
I don't know
I will say
Now that I've been going to this chiropractor
For as long as I have
I can definitely scientifically say
Comparing it to
40 years of
Other back treatments?
Yeah
Of going to different chiropractors
And then not going to them
The inversion table and stuff like
Whatever my chiropractors doing is actually
It has me pain free
I really thought
My whole family
It's the one thing that we
Have as a weakness on both sides of my
Family like we have
Really strong tooth enamel
Strong toenails
Strong hearts
Lungs
Everything's
You know we don't have a lot of like
Streaks of like proclivities
You know for ailment
Going through my family tree
We just kind of drink ourselves to death
Or smoke
Do you find that the strong toenails
Has benefited you and your family?
Well Cody was just pointing that out
The other day
I was like
She was like wow
You must be really healthy
Like these disgusting toenails
That you need to clip immediately
Are really like
I don't know what
They're not flimsy and jaundiced
They're like eagle talons
Exactly
If you're just joining us
I'm gross
But if you haven't seen Dan
Swoop through your neighborhood
And catch a squirrel
It's amazing
I'm also a bad person
So last time I was on this stage
I made fun of
I think that's a good description
The podcast
Up and vanished
Hosted by Payne Lindsay
Who you know
I just kind of characterised him as a
As a guy that you know
He doesn't know what he's doing
He didn't know what he was doing
He learns what he's doing
But then he
But it's just like a podcast
About him going like
I don't know how to
I want to try
I don't know
I kind of made fun of him
I don't think I was like
High-fiving him
I don't think I was that flattering
And then tonight
I saw that he
He tweeted
It was clear
He had heard the thing
Because I said he sounded like Chris Pratt
And he said
So he tweeted
I saw a tweet from him
And said
Well at least I sound like Chris Pratt
And then
I think they had an emoji
That was like
Kind of like a guy
With a hand over his face
Or something like that
Like he was embarrassed
Because then
Cody looked him
Looked him up
You know
And you know
He's just an adorable guy
You know
Loves his wife
And like
He did a good true crime podcast
And then I made fun of him
And I didn't want him to hear it
You know that some shit had like
Yeah
Someone just probably told him about it
Like couldn't resist
You know
I just don't understand that
Like the person that felt the need to
Ron Jeremy
To track down Ron Jeremy's
Reddit and then
Yeah
I still maintain that that guy though
If he's listening
I didn't really
I know a good person
I didn't really think that that guy
No
The guy that went to Ron Jeremy
I didn't
I didn't feel like that guy
Was
Was really
Trying to cause B for
It's just weird that like
You say something
Like I mean
It's stupid to think
That what we're doing here
Is in a vacuum
Of course what we say
Will send ripples out
And butterfly effects
And all this shit
But
Like it's just like
Everything we say
Can reach
It's unintended target
Yeah
Probably will
And maybe
Maybe Payne Lindsay
Was already a listener
Which would be rad
You know
He's a
He's a fun guy
He'd make a great guest
We should have him on the show
Maybe Ron Jeremy's
He sounds like Chris Pratt
We should get Ron Jeremy on the show
Get to the bottom of that shit
Well we did get to the bottom of it
I think we have to go straight to the source
That would be amazing
If we got him on the show
We were interviewing
And we were like
Well I gotta ask
I gotta ask
What's with the
Banana peel
He has every
He has every right
To say
I don't know what you're talking about
Maybe I was drunk and doing a joke
Like he might just
Like
Throw that away
Like so many
Banana peels
Oh shit
He would have a right to do that
But that would make him a big liar
Because when
When the person said it to him
He
He had a very quick response
That
He knew exactly what that person was talking about
I think he had a fallback
I think
When somebody
Goes on his reddit
And asks him
Specific questions
He has a cute answer
That's very
Convenient
But in the moment
I think he had ulterior motives
That were way more complicated
In the moment
He could be both
I think that's giving him too much credit
For being clever to say
Like he has all these versions
Of how to deal with people
Asking him about a banana peel
Did we talk about
My conversation with
David Keith
Keith David
I always do that
About cross-mounted pussy
We've talked about on the show
I believe right
Yeah I mean
It's been going on for so long
I can't remember
But when he was on
Ricky Morty
Like I think the last
Ricky Morty right
Maybe we're repeating old news here
But there's a line in the movie
Platoon
That Keith David says
And he refers to going back
Sniffing that cross-mounted pussy
Down by the river
And Matt Gorley and I
From Super Ego fame
And Harmon Quest fame
Have really tried to get to the bottom
Of what is cross-mounted pussy
Why is it cross-mounted
What are the pros and cons
Of it being cross-mounted
And Dan worked with him
On community a couple of times
And you asked him
And you didn't get a satisfactory answer to that
No
He was so nice when I met him
I was wearing this exact same suit
With a kind of a little window pane check
And he was wearing a similar suit
There's a photo that I have
I think on my Insta noodles
And he was so pleasant
I go okay I'm going to be
That guy and I'm going to ask you
About platoon
So I got some platoon questions
Where he's like lay him on me
And we talked and talked and talked
About cross-mounted pussy
And we finally came to the conclusion
He goes look man I don't know
That was some Oliver Stone shit
Like he just said that was
I was just reading my lines
Oh yeah
So the answer is we don't know
So now I don't want to have to deal
With Oliver Stone about this issue
Because he's going to do a run Jeremy
And have some fucking terse
Convenient answer that doesn't satisfy
Me or anybody else
Why can't you believe that's his line
Because here's the thing
It's like you're expecting it
To be something dirty I think
Because it's like a banana
And so the fact that it's not
That's like it's a brilliant move
What I think it was
I think he had a banana peel on his shoulder
I don't think he had a clever line
Ready to go or a dirty line
Like a salacious like rejoinder
When somebody asked him about it
I do know that he seemed bummed out
When a guy asked him about it
From behind his back
So that leads me in that direction
But I think that maybe he was just doing that
I think he was in a bad mood
No come on we've been over this
We got this figured out from top to bottom
It's a thing that he does
If he sees a banana peel
He does that
It's one of maybe five things
That he has up his sleeve
And he likes to be funny
Probably for the girls
And didn't want to be vulnerable
With you and was like
Yeah I mean you just saw a weird side of him
I think then he takes a banana peel
When you ask him if you're a woman
Why are you wearing a banana peel
I think it ends up with somehow
Pussy being cross mounted
And I think the cross mounted pussy
Is like it's holy it's holy pussy
It's like it's like on a cross
It's like Christ pussy
Oh shit yeah
It's like the best pussy
That was one of our theories we thought about
That's probably a cross mounted pussy
Gross
Yeah
If you love a pussy don't crucify it
That's about it
It's Schrab's birthday
Oh yeah
He's not here
He's off somewhere
But I have to for Schrab leaves town tomorrow
He goes back to Milwaukee
And he's going to speak at his alma mater
If I'm using that term right
The place he graduated from
The Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design
And he wanted me to do like a
An introduction on video for him
So I guess we could
We could knock that out right now
Because you're able to
In addition to live streaming it
You can like also
Yeah you'll have it
And then I can just give him a clip right
Yeah
Do you want some music for this Dan
Or do you want to go dry
What do you have
I don't know
I mean just the regular shit
You want to beat
You want to wrap it out
Sure
Yeah let's try a Rob Schrab
Introduction wrap
Can you pop that up, Zach?
Yeah
The man about to take the stage
Is all of Milwaukee's rage
He's a graduate of this academy
He's going to start throwing
Adam
Okay
Wait
I'm a little sober
All right
Whoa
You're going to start again
You can
Yeah
Here you go
The man about to take the stage
Is all of Milwaukee's rage
He went to Milwaukee Institute of Art
And Design
He ate your mama's pussy
Until she
Okay
All right
This is going to be played at the alma mater
Don't leave us hanging like that
I could just write it
Yo
Okay
Look into Chris
This one right here
Okay
All right
Let's get this right
Yo
You're a camera 3
The man about to take the stage
Oh wait
No wait
How did I
That wasn't right
Okay
Yo
What's up Milwaukee
The man about to take the stage
Is all of Milwaukee's rage
He went to Milwaukee Institute of Art
And Design
He ate your mama's pussy
With a squeeze of lime
Please welcome Rob Schrab
Yo
Fine arts graduate
He paints murals
On walls
That's not all
He also made Skud
The disposable assassin
And he started right here
Taking classes in
Fine art
And graphic design
He ate your mama's pussy
With lime
As I mentioned
Earlier
He also knows
How to play the
Whirlitzer
He also knows
How to play the
Whirlitzer
He knows
How to play the
Whirlitzer
No he doesn't
Force that rhyme
Also he ate
Your mama's pussy
With lime
Went to Milwaukee
Institute of Art
And Design
D to the E
To the S-I-G-N
He fucked your mama again
Now he's coming out
To speak to you
And I'm sure
You've got questions
I do too
Dear Mr. Schrab
How did art
Effect your life
Day to day
Well
I'm pretty sure
That
That's a little
Sneak Preview
And now
Here's what we're
Going to do
We're going to dance break
Oh yeah
Rob Schrab
Is 57,000 years old
So don't
Make your questions
Too bold
He might get scared
And might run away
And then
Eat some prune juice
And curds and whey
It's all he can digest
At this point
He's like a mummy
Food that's too harsh
Hard on his tummy
He's
He's 57 years old
But he's sold
His comic book
Writes to Oliver Stone
In 1996
And
That's why I'm standing here
All right
Let's
Take it from the top
In case it needs to be clean
All right
Okay
Here's Rob Schrab
I'm going to use that one
Ladies and gentlemen
Rob Schrab
That's not usable
Okay
I'm going to start the beat from the top
So you have some
Okay
And maybe I should
Interframe, right?
Yo
The man about to take the stage
Is
World famous
He's Milwaukee's rage
His name is
Rob Schrab
And he gets the job done
He went here
In your school son
If you ask him for wisdom
You might get it
I can't
Fuck
All right
Okay
Yo
M.C. Harmon's the name
Who hosted Harmontown
Is my podcast game
But I'm not here to introduce myself
I'm here to pull my best friend
From Milwaukee off the shelf
His name is Rob Schrab
He went to your school
He's going to talk
So pay attention
Don't be a fool
Ask him questions
About art and shit
And
How he sucked your mama's tit
Fuck
For those listening at home
Dan keeps leaving the stage
And coming back into frame
To get that extra show biz
M.C. Harmon
Is my name
Coming from Milwaukee
Is my game
Son of a
Milwaukee is a town
That makes people famous
Brew City
Coming from the top
I fucked your mama
With the handle of a mop
This show brought to you
By the Weinstein Corporation
Jerry State
Milwaukee's not the capitol
All right, sorry
You can't wrap it all
I'm just rhyming
Just rhyming
Here we go
I think this is the one
I can feel it
My name is M.C. Dan
I've got a rap
This one has a plan
I'm going to introduce to you
A very great man
He went to your school
With his butt in the can
It's all he had for tuition
Back then
But he worked real hard
And he started to win
He took fine arts
He took graphic design
He ate your mama's pussy
With a squeeze of water
And he was like
What the fuck
He ate your mama's pussy
With a squeeze of lime
Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design
The alumni time is here
It's time to ask him questions
It's time to make investments
Into your future
By gaining wisdom
His come
Is probably frothy
Talk more about the alumnus's cump
My name is Dan Harmon
I'm pretty charming
I don't need to introduce myself
I'm going to bring my best friend
Off the shelf
He went to your school
Called my ad
He's not in the Chinese triad
But if he was
That would be fine
His balls have fuzz
So do mine
Damn it
I know
But I'm going to keep it clean
Because his mom's going to be there
Too much shoe leather
That's his heart
I hope this is the rest of the podcast
It could be
Why not
You want a different beat
You like that one
You want to be one of these
You want to try something else
It might open up the cans here a little bit
Let's try this one
Yo
About to come to the stage right now
Someone that made Milwaukee
On the map
Burr
Than it was before
I'm not going to tell you
His name until the end
Of this freestyle rap
By me
Dan Harmon
Yo
Milwaukee is a city
Sitting on the river
It's kind of shitty
Fuck
God damn it
I can't
Okay
Just start it
Use that same track
From the beginning?
Okay
Here we go
This one's real
You're sitting at my ad
And then the screen comes up
Use Milwaukee's awesome city motto too
When you get a chance
Because I adore the Milwaukee city motto
Sup
Milwaukee's generated
Very many fine specimens
Of human being
George Clooney
I assume
Don't look it up
Myself
MC Harmon
And the man that's about to take the stage
My name is Dan
Dan
And I'm about to bring the master of Milwaukee
And he is
A great person
From a great lake
His credentials
Are not fake
He went to my ad
That's the Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design
And God damn it, fuck you
His name is Rob Schrab
But don't applaud yet
Because the job ain't done
I'm gonna rap and then run
And introduce him
His dick is so big
It's got gluten in it
He's fine arts
Major did fine arts
No, he didn't
I think he majored in graphic design
And then he created Skud
God damn it, I fucked up
I fucked up
Can we do just one more?
I swear to God, one more
I've got nowhere to be, man
I'm having the time of my life
I actually gotta be somewhere in 20 minutes, so
For real?
No
You gotta go back to get some cup
Get some sweet cup and going on
Sweet cup and cakes
I'm gonna cup the shit out of you later, Spencer
Here we go, you ready, Dan?
Just Dan, let it fly
I know, but I can't be profane
Yeah, don't be profane
Just let it just go
Be yourself
Yo
I'm here to introduce
The most important man that ever came out of Milwaukee
It's not me
It's my best friend
Rob Schrab
Yo
Schrab
S-C-H-R-A-B
Milwaukee is the place you want
To be from
This is the shittiest rap, I can't do it
You got it, you got it
God damn it
God fucking dammit
I can't fucking do it
You wanna try another beat?
Yeah, give me one more beat
I'm sorry
This is good
Okay
This is the one, this is the one
Yo
A great place
By a great lake
Rob Schrab's coming to the stage
He's not fake
He's got his credentials from M-I-A-D
You're gonna see
He's the man to see
You're gonna ask him some Q's and A's
He's gonna soak up Milwaukee's rays
Get the vitamin D from the sun's always shining
Fuck, graphic design and I could have said
God damn it
Oh yeah
Alright, alright, alright
Yo
Ain't no joke
He's gonna come out
Fuck, fuck
One more, one more, one more
You just gotta do a good job
You had to sign it right there
You ready?
Yeah
I don't think
Yeah, clean entrance, make it clean
Clear frame
Here we go
You know, for five dollars a month
You can watch Dan to clear frame
For our subscribers, here we go
Yo
What's up
Brew City
Yo
You ain't shitty
To me
A great place
By a great lake
But now I'm bringing up the man
For God's sake, he's my best friend
That went to your hometown with you
He went to my ad
So what you're gonna do
You're gonna ask him questions
And learn some stuff
I ate your mama's muff
Last night
Sorry
Fuck
Okay
No, here we go
S-C-H-R-A-B
He is the man to see
Get some wisdom from him
He's about to start coming now
Right up to the stage
He's the man that gave my ad
All its rage
And all its glory
And all its passion
Don't talk to me about
Crashing a party
When you're supposed to be home
Drawing
Do your homework
Rob Schrab
Ladies and gentlemen
Here he comes
Rob Schrab
Here he is
Let me do one
So save that one
And then
I'll get one more
I thought the mama's muff was good
One more
But then I also have to do one
In case he can't use the rap at all
I'll do one where I just say stuff
You want to beat?
Yeah
Okay
Yo
No
Oh
Yo
My name is Dan Harmon
I come from Milwaukee
But I'm not there for tonight's
walkie-talkie today
Fuck, what?
I had the horrible feeling
you were going to say Bukaki
Yo
Yeah
My name is Dan Harmon
I come from Milwaukee
Rob Schrab's coming out
like Bukaki
in a minute
He's fucking at you asshole
Jeff Davis put that rhyme in my head
But now I'm introducing
Rob Schrab instead
He's my best friend
for about 30 years
Is that how old we are?
But we started drinking beers
where you are
right there
in your hometown
But when Rob Schrab was home
he was down
in the basement
drawing robots and shit
and that's why he's here
get over it
He's the
super alumnus
You should
You're going to be glad
you've come to this
You're going to ask him questions
and stuff
and
I'm not going to say
muff
Here he comes
to the stage
He's the Milwaukee Institute
of Art and Design's Bridge
He's the most famous dude
The most powerful
Not that those things matter
but here you go
You're going to
get a taste of
what makes him great
and ask him
really important questions
for God's sake
Don't just say
can I have a job
because you can't
So here he comes
with his special pants
Rob Schrab
Yeah, we got that one
That's the one
So we'll give him
that one
I think the faculty
and the parents
that attend that
are going to be happy to know
that the special guest
is coming on stage
like Bukaki
Alright
So
Means a lot
Okay
Hello Milwaukee Institute
of Art and Design
I'm Dan Harmon
I'm also from Milwaukee
I did not go to your school
I went to Marquette
for a little bit
and then I dropped out
but
Schrab
I shouldn't say his name
I should save it for the end
Okay, take two
Alright, Marquette
Yo
Ask to the C
to the H-R-A-B
Coming to the stage
is the man you want to be
If you stay in school
and major in graphic design
the Milwaukee Institute of Art
and Design
It's not that
It's not cheating to rhyme
design with design
if that's the name of the school
Rob Schrab is the man
you need
to ask questions of
Alright
Obviously I'm not going to
just suddenly do a good rap
We thought for a second
I would
Alright, here we go
So here's the verbal one
Okay
I'm going to kill myself
I'm going to walk off stage
and just hear a gunshot
and the birds are going to
start singing again
Alright
Hello
Are you an artist?
Or is your son or daughter one?
Or is your child
non-gender binary?
Starting over
Stay on target
Hello Milwaukee
Thanks for voting for Trump, you fucks
Yeah, I was going to come back
and visit too
but I had socks to sort
You fucks
I know Milwaukee probably
didn't vote for him
I'm sure it's a blue island
and a big dumb red state
Alright, here we go
Butter emails
Alright
Hello Milwaukee
Institute of Art and Design
I did not go to you
but I did live in your city
My name is Dan Harmon
and I have become famous
But I'm about to introduce
somebody even more
important than myself
He's the reason why
I went to Los Angeles
on a U-Haul
with only my mattress
and a pile of hustlers in a crate
and now I'm so glad
that I followed him
and listened to him
He always had the best advice
for me
Every single time I ever asked him
for any feedback on a screenplay
or how to solve a problem
his advice throughout my entire life
was always the exact right advice
I only kept failing
because I very often forgot to follow it
He's a really, really, really special
really smart guy
and he went to your school
and he benefited from all it has to offer
so I think this is going to be
a great evening for you
Sorry, I can't make eye contact with you
Please welcome back to your
Institute of Art and Design
Mr. Rob Schrab
Okay, alright, good enough, right?
Yeah, that was good
Alright
I almost did this one
Should we play D&D?
I think it's a bit early, right?
Well, I mean, I guess that doesn't...
No, Dan, just rap for 90 minutes
I get that
Don't give me raw
I'm not saying that the rapping segment was short
I have little tears in my eyes right now, Dan
That was exciting
Well, can I do one rap now that doesn't have to be clean?
You can do all the raps you want
I feel like...
Do you feel any difference
rapping to the lack of audience?
Or is that not a factor?
I don't know
I mean, have I ever been good?
You have your moments when you really lay it down
Yeah, well, let's see if we can create some
without the audience
Zach, what's that beat you got?
Let's do something new
You got a beat you can lay on us, or is that going to be hard?
Yeah, I like when you DJ
because you got the goods
Zac McKeever, everybody, on audio
Alright
Yo
Oh, no
Oh, shit
Here we go
Yo
About to spit fire
Droppin' science takin' me higher
My rap is a function of biology
Fucked your mama so hard, it was Scientology
A clear to teetons off her neck
Fucked her, rolled her over, heck
Said to your mama, go back to church
Fucked your mama, like her name was Lurch
From the Adams family, got a hand in a box
Going up into your mama's socks
Puttin' him inside out like the pantyhose
Fucked your mama, cause that's the way it goes
Went to the garage, built a canoe
Cause that had nothing else to do
It's the new hobby that I'm pursuing
I fucked your mama and started chewin'
On her labia, but not hard
Just a nibble, just a tiny, did love nibble
She asked for it
She likes it
Went up to the attic
Fucked your mama, she was ecstatic
Said, go get the handcuffs
Fucked her so hard, she had dandruff
Fucked her with her phone
Fucked her with her follicles
With my dick
Made her hair retain more grease
Cause of my dick
Fucked your mama, seven ways
Fucked your mama for 19 days
Fucked your mama, didn't drink any water
Fucked your mama, made two sons and a daughter
Sent them to school, paid for their education
Fucked your mama all across the nation
Fucked her in Canada, fucked her in Mexico too
Fucked her in North America
Okay
Fucked her everywhere
Fucked your mama
Here we go
Race
The Olympics give
Metals for shit
But I never depended on it
Just fucked your mama so good they gave me one
I sold her out, just did that for fun
gold medal fuck mama so good I said look I just got special wood it's all I do
I just just fuck mama's now along comes you you telling me that you got a
metric and a reward system I don't know I'm not even listening I only fuck
mama's for fun only fuck mama's till they say I'm done I follow their
guidance and their permission right emission nocturnal or daylight fuck
your mama so hard she says it I stay right fuck god damn it don't lose your
flow oh you're doing so good Harmon keep going oh yeah okay oh yeah an
aircraft carrier made out of pussies all right all right I wasn't going
anywhere please continue all right was it an aircraft carrier made out of
pussies I mean what are you gonna what are you right what are you right Gary
Busey's what are you gonna write okay all right yes a big ship made out of
vaginas landed on at the USS in North Carolina I got out submission
accomplished a fuck your mama so hard she made my dick a dish of flaming young
and I served it till I was okay all right just backing up backing up okay
all right okay okay okay okay okay okay just just take it easy okay here we go
here we go here we go everybody take it easy take it easy yo yo yo rapping
rapping like this rapping rapping like that kicking kicking in the air fuck
you mama don't even care raise my hands lower them down fuck your mama like a
birthday princess or a clown put out some balloons made them into animals fuck
your mama so hard that's the way it always goes oh I went into the pool took
a pee and grabbed a bar stool put it in my butt got three friends and that's
where that story ends class of threshold met with a goddess your mama's so hard
and stitched her a bodice all right
you got us about us so hard is she ended up having dandruff yeah that was all
the moisture out of her scalp you made a canoe you said the me I mean I don't
want to nitpick you said like make a canoe and then you's like did a rhyme
about chewing but you could have said like canoeing yeah it would have been
funny I made a canoe because that's what I was doing and then I took the canoe
and started chewing you could have started canoeing but no we had a lot
of work armchair rappers right where it's easy we're Monday morning rappers
it's easy for over here it's easy to be a Monday morning rapper which is
certainly the title of this episode let's bring Steve Levy to the stage
oh yeah leave it Steve to the leave what's going down baby how easy is it to
show people my new favorite game um Chris can we if I have it plugged in here
can it okay so Stevie how's your love life no come on just call me Stevie yep
it's a portmanteau I love it my family was a case they used to call me Stevie
leavey right I can imagine I got it up on my yeah but that's that's that's their
fault that's kind of a that's kind of a monopoly guy so for folks at home I was
gonna rhyme with the last name that's not being clever three old people on a
Steven I don't know two of these maybe your kid Robbie come on don't make me
feel that old I mean old here we go historical this game is a crafting game
what's it called I gotta figure out the name what's this one called dawn of
crafting dawn of crafting so what's the what's the purpose we got three guys
we got like an inventory you're a caveman and you take these things and then
you can craft right so I got a rock and then another rock and you crap oh okay
what'd you make well okay and then you can you make a knife and then you can
take the you can take the knife and you could probably slice some vegetables
what and then you all right let's see that's a new thing I learned sliced egg
plant oh so so you learn new recipes what why those leaves flying by at the
background is that just for fun it's ambience well maybe that's showing the
wind are you in a straw hut yeah oh shit I don't are you all three of those guys
or your plate you're playing the speed the yeah I mean I am all three of them
I look I'm not I'm not giving it a good people people are gonna think it's a
dumb game but it's not it's cool all right people are digging it all right
that's enough Spencer do you remember that game on like MS DOS where you play
as caveman and you try to there's like a wheel no it's called dawn of crafting if
you are even remotely a fan of crafting
Dan is there any danger of dinosaurs coming and attacking this crafting
situation no it's not written by a Christian right look I just downloaded
this sound effects app three minutes before showtime I didn't really have a
time to vet these you're doing everything right all right leave me we
gotta talk about love life no leave me what's what's going on in leavey's
romantic situation there's not much every time Steve comes not much happening I
told you give me time then maybe I'll have something to report well I mean I
yeah I do you guys see speaking of speaking of our sexy friends like Steve
leavey did you know that's Kumail Nanjiani is today's people magazine hot guy
of the day oh yeah I think puts him in the running for the hottest man of the
year oh are they picking 365 I don't know I don't know how the whole thing
works but there's a picture of him having breakfast in bed with leather
leather pillows and he's got like grapes and three cocktails and he's looking
good well he'll probably handle that well what do you mean now you know he
last time he was on the show he came out with a crown on his head and he didn't
his movie wasn't even out yet that was just Silicon Valley he's that guy's
he's you know we're all gonna be working for him yeah what's it like to be less
famous and than one of your friends it's not it's it's I'm not jealous I it
just hurts to see other people succeed that's what can you delineate the
difference between jealousy and I don't know I think it's some kind of
condition I have I just experienced physical pain when other people succeed
so it's not jealousy jealousy is a bad quality you just can't enjoy your
friends doing well I do enjoy it but it hurts it hurts it physically hurts me
you need some awesome cup and yeah oh yeah all right so that's how the
complies that I was gonna cup you with my dick so leave he's not leave he's not
talking not what do you want to talk about he's just being he's just being
what he's being bashful like you know he's getting Steve 60 seconds to talk
about whatever subject or subjects he would like no one else talk so the the
Miami Hurricanes one yesterday oh yeah there you go it was a it was a big
rivalry I think the Catholics versus convicts you guys know about that
yeah I saw that documentary that 30 for 30 yeah yeah yeah and a Miami
Hurricane and we've stomped out Notre Dame so you're a convict I'm a convict
yeah today so did they own that or is that totally bullshit like they did it
like they kind of embrace that embrace it like even the even the announcers
during the game or like that's great mentioning it yeah is it Notre
Damien said yeah yeah and every so they invented this thing this year or every
turnover which is like where they force change of possession yeah the change of
possession so when the other team has the ball and they intercepted or recover
a fumble whatever player forces the turnover the turnover they get this
giant golden chain with the you on it the turnover chain and then they wear it's
like eight pounds or something during the game during the game no no they don't
wear it on the field but they wear on the sideline and they're like they get
their moment yeah that's awesome yeah and you ever check out a 30 for 30 30 for
30 yeah you might like it it's the narrative part of sports not the sports
part yeah that's true yeah I'm watching the one I'm halfway through the one
about Rick flair have you watched that one that sounds really interesting it's
yeah it's called nature boy and it's really good because I didn't know that
much about Rick flair and what his life was like but like I don't know he I mean
he's still with us and he still he still looks like Rick flair but like he like
there's there's still teams that in their war in their locker room warm-up
chant like his like ring banter like when he would come into the ring and grab
the microphone they quote Rick flair that's how much of an impact he had on
like sports as celebrity right now he's like a yoga guy right don't spoil it for
me Spencer Rick flair was the guy who his catchphrase was whoo whoo that's the
kid but you go like I'm the wheel and dealing kiss stealing you know like
glockenspieling he didn't say that when I made that up but I would that'd be
amazing if he was glockenspieling because catchphrases hadn't been you know
that the industry wasn't in full swing yet well you had your catchphrase could
just be whoo you've already had Muhammad Ali he was certainly standing on
Muhammad Ali shoulders and he kind of I think not ripped him off but certainly
was doing his his silver-haired riff on that but yeah he was you know just like
cheating on his wife all the time and doing you know like like drinking a lot
and wrestling a lot and saying woo a lot but it's a good documentary what do you
guys do when you go home at night like every night video games and sleep or
emails or something like that church and I'll get in the couch and we'll watch
like chop junior and fucking yellow the TV oh yeah chop junior so much better
than chopped it's not even funny is that the one with the kids yeah so my
brother you know they do fantasy sports like fantasy football and say they
draft in the beginning of the season all these friends go in and they get I
think five kids and they all put money in and then it's whoever's kid ends up
winning gets the pot I'm not a fantasy sports fan I don't do that but I could
get down on that yeah it's great we have a blast they all get around they watch
the episodes together or yelling at each other when the kids are like screwing
up cooking and stuff I feel like you guys are having more fun living than me
like here okay Dan I agree what do you do when you don't have fun either well I
just want Cody and I we like we just like being together we watch we if we
watch something we'll watch like a true crime thing but there are no we'll just
listen to one of a list of podcasts and things but yeah that sounds really
boring spending time with loved ones I'm just saying I'm not talking about you
guys are having more fun I guess I mean like you guys seem like you're in a
better mood than me that's what I meant tonight like like lately you know like
I've been I've been I've been feeling like like with very little variation like
I've been like like getting closer and closer to just like I just just about
the world I'm just so deeply cynical like yeah yeah but I feel like you've been
pretty good yeah I feel like you've been in a good place well I think well
there's an irony there though that's like kind of deceptive because I think I
truly like I've kind of given up on humanity so once you've done that you
get in bad moods less because you're like oh you're not you're they're not
letting you down anymore and you're not like striving to accomplish anything I'm
just like oh I live on a planet of fucking drooling babbling animals I know
that I'm in a worse mood generally lately than I have been probably ever and
I don't know if that's just the ravages of time or the or the the fact that we
have a moron a literate douchebag president and who constantly every day
makes us embarrassed to be alive I have a theory slash rant about like I don't
know you know we've learned so much about psychology recently you know for
the longest time we haven't understood psychology and sociology on the level
we have and like trauma and how that impacts the brain and stuff but you
know there's obviously been human atrocities and terrible tragedies and
trying times through all of human history and stuff but I don't know how
often we've been able to really think about it on that level I wonder if you
know this sort of stuff has an effect on people historically like if you went
back to I don't know like the Great Leap Forward or something or Holocaust
times if people weren't also feeling like that you know just generally more
agitated more at odds with people I wonder if that's something that's
happening if I would say it probably certainly does like it's like a low-grade
if you look like this giant protest and all those Nazis at 50,000 fucking yeah
that's an unhappy world saying fix it fix it fix it wait where was it what do
you talk about Warsaw six Poland yeah that's when I really checked out man I
saw I was like is like are you fucking kidding me I'm Polish like I like like
races pull it pull it pull Polish people are we're the original Nazi victims I
mean we're like like we were getting picked on like like my ancestors fled
that shit like it it's like it's fucking it's fucking insane the entire city of
Warsaw was bombed into oblivion that I guess I've just probably not more than
a couple buildings that are still standing pre-1940 you know for the
whole place just got annihilated it just makes me check out you know like I
don't I don't there's nothing it's just so much bigger than all of us you know
it's so it's so inexorable and so you just want to go well shit I should have
I should have spent the last year you know sticking to my elliptical and
actually like building a doomsday shelter and all this stuff because it's not
gonna take it's not it didn't happen overnight so it kept snapping back out
of it and going things will be okay but like it's just like the truth is or at
least feels like that it's like okay we're on like a five-year slide into
hell on earth in one form or another whether it's nuclear annihilation or
just like fucking like total like global fascist
coups resulting in like a crazy like I can't tell which is gonna be worse like
the war version of it or the peace version of it where but like in any case
like just like the definition of inhumanity like getting so much harder
to meet in other words like atrocity becoming more and more tolerable and
people pulling back more and more like I just like I saw that those that photo
of Poland like it's just like it looks like Mordor just out yeah I can't what
I was supposed to do throw a tin can at it like what how am I supposed to brush
my teeth why why how can I give a fuck like the people have spoken like they
don't they want to die all right so I don't have anything currently they sat
next to a 73 year old lesbian woman I saw this this is good this is good at the
bar on where our flight was delayed and she was a heavy she was just she started
chatting me up because we were both kettle one drinkers and and also the no
lime thing she heard me on the plane like making a big deal out of it and but
the guy in the plane did you hear the guy I go I go I go no lime and you guys
like uh-huh yeah and I go no lime and he goes like yeah and I go like I can't
stress this enough no lime and he's like alright and then when he brought brought
me the he heard your raps about how many pushes you ate with a little bit of
probably the drink back and he goes like did someone on this flight give you a
lime like he like like giving me two to psych motherfucker like no no not this
flight what do you got you what do you got flight patriotism someone in your
fucking airline every goddamn time the further the flight out there like this
is what happens every no no no lime and then come back I got a shish kebab of
limes like steep like swished around and I said I said I go I go I go I go I cut
you got it I said no lime as she goes oh it's all I heard was lime okay all right
look language doesn't work that way all I heard was lime if all I heard was now
boarding and I just decided to get on the plane you'd fucking beat my ass like
you did that one guy when you wanted to make money like like like like you you
expect me to hear more than the words that I feel like hearing fuck you United
Airlines fuck you you fucking fuck all airlines fucking cartel especially there
I got I got I got found someone to be angry about but the guys like so he was
just like did someone is that like the the offense like why are you offended
I'm the fucking victim here man I'm the one that's getting limes putting all my
shit all the time I'm the fucking lime lime guy you're not you just a dude
that's like wondering why I really need you to know no lime in it you fuck whenever
I get soda like I always ask for just the can and not the glass because if you
ask for the glass they'll just put like four ounces of soda and then keep the
can and then they never do that and it's like you're you're not even going
somewhere else you're just reaching in to grab a can and I don't know I hate
restaurants that like you when you order delivery and they have Diet Coke on
their menu and then they you order a Diet Coke like that sounds great and they
they they bring you a taped up ass fucking plastic thing filled with ice it's
like probably represents like two ounces of of actual Diet Coke from a soda
fountain instead of a can give me a can of Diet Coke taped up well yeah they
tape it up because you know so it doesn't spell because they have to put all
this effort into saving money just give me a can of Coke you knobs yeah church
points out like there are things to be happy about what you were you were you
heartened at all but the fact that we like on these last election with people
yeah you know that's what seek trans people lesbians black lives matter
people that's a 73 year old lesbian and I did talk about like I but I honest I
have to be perfectly honest with you I I I the timing of this is like I was I was
checked out like I wasn't I wasn't there for that victory mentally I I heard
about it third hand you know like like after the fact because I wasn't
following it I wasn't rooting for anything I wasn't I wasn't invested I
was like numb but that is great to hear it is and it's great to hear that that
guy molested a 14 year old that's it is great so did you see the guy the guy
with the I retweeted that guy with the hammer yeah I mean I feel like I stole
your your no it's because I like I just go I'm not doing any jokes I just I'm
just so angry like I got so many really telling it people all the time this is
about the guy taking a correct yeah it's the thing that he bought correct has his
money here's my question he took a hammer out which is the least which I
believe I want to know I'm trying to piece together the narrative like I want
to take out index cards and with each fact that we know because one of them is
that he owns that machine one of them is that he I won't say what wants to
you know loves fucking children like but he he he we won't go that far but but
we know that love supports Hannity like they so that's one index card and then
he said yeah so I was thinking like is this is did it become his favorite show
because of the the child fucking support or or was it already his favorite show
and then and then and then he saw and then Hannity came on the episode was
like I think that it's okay that this guy fucked a kid or tried to fuck a kid
tried to fuck four kids it's fine it was 40 years ago and hey look kids are kids
they like they know what they're doing and they know what they signed up for when
they turned 14 and and the guy was like watching it and he was like fucking a
finally like a show that's talking my language and then the commercials came
out and the coffee maker commercial came out and said like wouldn't you like a
delicious cup of curgan coffee and Cougar Cougar Cougar Cougar Cougar ran coffee
and he was like fuck I like I do I love coffee or he hates coffee but he went
out and was like I want to support the sponsor yeah and then and then he brings
it home and he's like sipping it he's like I'm not even a coffee fan but I
got it I just love fucking kids and then and then and then the and then he saw
the news and he's like god damn it some guy I made a joke like a tweet about like
you know I've always refused to make coffee out of any machine that by a
company that isn't 100% independent affiliate and then some guy responded
and logically whoever it is I did block him because I read some of his other
stuff and I didn't dig it but but what he said was fine to start a conversation
but I just know where the conversation is going to lead and it was a oh so if I
accused you of molesting me when I was 14 you wouldn't want your friends and
family to presume you innocent and protect you until blah blah blah blah
nice to know if you didn't say the nice to know thing I might have I might have
replied and like not instantly blocked him but the thing is like your
presumption of innocence thing yes of course everyone's presumed innocent I
mean it's innocent so it's presumed innocent until until proven guilty but
not Obama was he was he was he admitted it he admitted it they're like here's
these kids that coming forward the saint he touched me he goes on television I
never dated any daughters underage without their mother's permission that's
admitting he admitted it like it's not even alleged he fucking did it and he
didn't buy anybody any beers yeah no but that's saying I did it yeah but like
people are saying oh he admitted it like we Bill Cosby hasn't been proven
guilty 9,000 women said he raped him I was me hasn't admitted it yeah you go
yeah but exactly to his credit he's a fighter listen if you take one lesson
away from tonight show okay but does Keurig make money off the K-Cups I
thought any company can make K-Cups and they make the machine right so so they're
not continuing to make dollars after the purchase because you get your K-Cups
from you know anyway he could have gotten K-Cups from a pedophile company and
and actually really stuck it to Keurig yeah somebody I don't know who it is
somebody if you could find it on my Twitter replies to that tweet I forget
who it is someone said that that's why I get all my coffee from chock full of
Nambla I was a chock full of underage nuts the thing that I think is really
funny is is the idea of of boycotting a company for pulling its sponsorship I
think that's really funny like because we're not really that's that's it's
already too complicated if you want you don't think the company already did the
math on this like like they're the ones with the most at stake you're so dumb
you're smashing your own property thinking it's punishing someone they they
have accountants like and PR people like they crunched the numbers and said look
I wish we weren't in this situation but the truth is we make a penny more in the
long run if we don't sponsor the pedophile show and but but also the
funny thing about it is like you're punishing you're punishing the free
market you're punishing like you're punishing like a company just going just
not doing anything you're just like they're going like well we just don't
want a lot of people's be pulling our sponsors a lot of people's beef is that
that it's it looks like the optics of it looked like that courage pulled their
sponsorship after tweets like yeah so so so say they did how the fuck do you
want a corporation to behave that's what I mean liberal liberals aren't this
insane you know like there's a lot of dumb liberals like like like 85% of
everybody's overreacting to everything at all times but it's but it's just like
they imitate the right imitates the left and it's like just bizarre but they
don't understand it's like you really you realize that they're sociopaths
because you go like you don't understand anything then because like it's
different to say oh these it was like like this is the list of sponsors for
this thing that we don't like okay uber you're you're in the crosshairs we're
not gonna take uber okay everybody I'm deleting my uber app here's a video of
me deleting it hey don't don't sponsor uber because uber sponsors this thing
and then you wait for uber to cave or no cave and then like this idea of because
they don't they don't even have that they can't go to shows that aren't
supporting pedophilia and that's a like I'm gonna stop using your ride
shared service until you support that's why Jeff's joke is so perfect because
what are you trying to say other than I only support companies who defend
pedophilia monetarily yeah I mean it's pretty insane I is insane I only want
coffee but you everyone should have the right to defend pedophilia and make me a
delicious cup of coffee right it's a it's an absurd position but that's their
espouse position so either admission I love people throwing their their
expensive machinery off of a landing it like under the sidewalk and it's like
it's not heavy enough to be dramatic yeah also the guy's hammer thing it's like
there's a lot of internal cuts and that's a lot of internal edits so you can
make it look like magic they had to go shit I need a I need some water like I
gotta hydrate this is taken forever like there's a lot of internal cuts with a
thing keeps moving around and yeah that guy bothered to reply to me after I was
like you know aren't you supposed to be using a bat what's with the goggles and
then he was like I was trying to show how silly something is or like something
like that like he was being ironic about it but he wasn't because all he was
talking about is how it was alleged and we can't do this but then he was saying
he was making a joke it's like you're clearly not making a joke I could hit
him wearing sandals and socks and and and a helmet yeah that's the you want
shoes if you're gonna be hammering something at your feet you don't need
fucking a hard hat what's gonna fall on your fucking head I just also love the
idea I'm so mad boycotts don't work by you throwing out the thing that you
already paid for I know I mean that was the Starbucks boycott was the same
thing you're gonna say Merry Christmas we're gonna fucking buy coffee all of
it capitalism doesn't work when you demand the corporations pay fealty to
your ideological agenda it doesn't it doesn't make any sense like that it's
a boycott is a is a reaction when you when you're you're you're you're
protesting a company you're trying to say let's hit them where it hurts in
their wallet so you go to the sponsor and say we are not going to support your
company as long as you continue to make it financially possible for this person
to blah blah blah that makes sense nothing makes sense about the idea that
that coffee company is supposed to feel bad or punished for not doing something
they don't feel like doing like they they stopped advertising during the show
because so you're saying like from now on it's important the corporations really
toe the line it's important that they they they they they like so so you're a
communist you're a fucking like what are you right like you're not a capitalist
you're not you're aren't you gonna be lecturing me about the free market two
days from now isn't this whole thing about fucking money you suck at business
you're an idiot you think we're gonna we're gonna make money as a country at
a world where you demand coffee machines love pedophilia or else that you
should demand that they like coffee brother because otherwise the country's
gonna go broke man like like like like it just done I don't I can't do it
anymore I'm gonna fucking shoot my dogs and then myself your dogs will be fine
no well I'll shoot myself let my dogs eat me like in Gerald's game yeah I mean
the dogs will be fine then they'll then they'll just die or go feral and you
know kick ass I mean that probably is there probably gonna be fine like
probably someone Harvey no Nigel will be fine Harvey won't know what the fuck
did you on his own he'll die in it Harvey Harvey won't eat me Harvey
Harvey I'll watch Nigel eat me to the fucking bone Nigel Nigel I think if I
sleep too late Nigel would start nibbling my ear lobes Nigel's Nigel's
from the streets Nigel's fucking hardcore Echo Park baller he doesn't give
a fuck he doesn't he doesn't he doesn't even it was just nice because when I come
home from a long trip like Harvey you'll like you know like Harvey went
through a submissive peeing phase like Harvey is very emotionally over all my
shoes like vulnerable and stuff like that Harvey is very empathic when Nigel
does something wrong and I yell at Nigel Harvey like goes and it's sad for Nigel
and shit but like that's it's nice though because it's like it has its
advantages because night I come home from a long trip and Nigel's just like
just same expression on his face he's just like who are you do you want to
play fetch you know like it doesn't get it but Harvey yeah Harvey's Harvey's very
connected is he still eating the crotch out of your meandies yeah I mean he'll
die I've been trained to I take better care of my underwear leave your aunties
in the air like he's a bear with it with food to hide your stuff like on a high
shelf I put everything up as high as I can yeah that's great yeah I'm glad to
hear that yeah I mean you could just use like drawers like you know where people
put their underwear away all right toss your dirty underwear into some drawers
you guys my mom no I mean that I'm saying that's a bad idea get all your
clothes oh yeah dirty underwear in the drawer yeah that'd be weird are you
well I have a hamper hamper there you go yeah I wasn't gonna make fun is he
nefarious enough to get into a hamper do you knock a hamper over to get into
those sweet delicious poopy andies I don't know yeah I don't think he's done
that yet but sometimes sometimes I swear I'm like I'm like there's no way I
left these underwear out like like I don't know it's it's there's still like
plausible deniability though like where maybe I left him on the the bathroom
floor but yeah he he he does some fucked up shit man like he knows it's wrong
too like he it's so crazy how dogs know exactly what they're not supposed to do
and then they're just it's so weird like you you leave the room and then there's
like they're up on a counter like eating a bowl of cheese dip and then you
come in and they're just like crazy in that too like Nigel you can tell a
difference when he knows he's being observed and when he doesn't think he's
being observed like it's really interesting yeah probably just wants
attention like a naughty child well no he wants to get away with things he
knows what he'll be you know told him that not to do yeah I had a I I I but
you Cody's dog is staying with us a lot now Barbara and Cody was gone and I was
just sitting the barbara yeah and and I'm playing Mario and then I hear this
like crash and I think oh god Barbara probably maybe the doggie doors
barricaded Barbara maybe knocked the barricade over maybe she's hurt you know
it's a crash there was I just I was assuming it was coming from one place
and I walked from the room where I was playing the video game down towards where
I assumed the crash was coming from and along the way I passed my bedroom where
Harvey and Nigel are both going like it's just so funny looking back at it
because it's like at the time I was like I just noticed it but like wasn't
thinking that the two of them just had this expression on their faces like
like like like the expression you'd have if you were doing a line of coke at a
party and somebody like walked in you know they just kind of like we're like
they just had this like weird forced like like casualness to them like they're
like what's up what's up would you hear something and then I and then I went
downstairs and there was that the doggie door was fine and Barbara was fine and
then I'm like wait a minute you two and I went up to the bedroom where they were
like like straightening their ties and hanging out as I walked past and it was
like where they hump a fuck did they even do there was like there was a
picture of me turned over on the nightstand they got like like and there
was a there was a there was a bunch of beverages in in the drawer of Cody's
nightstand and it was just like like they was like they were like I don't know
were they like making a fort or a bomb that was it that straightened really end
that great but it was like it's just it's just funny that those guys were like
inspiring yeah I like it Steve how's your love life you guys hear about these
Chinese murder fans all right well do what did we did we talk through the D&D
time or no let's discuss as I've been away a while and Brandon he told me he
just texted me and said he turned me into a caterer he was great um he said
he turned a lot of snacks for us yeah apparently I'm Chad the fire like
her is now Chad the snack bringer yeah there's some beef jerky I don't know
how can and that was it wasn't beef jerky oh I guess it was beef jerky it was
murr balls was the main thing murr balls which I was it like mur like the
herb or like the the gift to Jesus same thing anyway you know for that bronca
has murdered really yeah yeah I can taste it just thinking about I don't know
it's so strong it's like they dig oh yeah they gave it to Jesus like an essence
from like a root or a tree and it's like kind of like a very precious sap and
preservative and nice perfume and like kind of a healer kind of thing did I
talk about Floyd the tree whisperer last episode I don't think so there's
there's shit going down with the the is that the guy that we waited for on Sunday
the eucalyptus tree is the boot since yeah well it's I mean this is the
remember when she talked about the well-respected arborist or whatever like
yeah I met that guy and he yeah I could swear I talked about this though I feel
like you did yeah I heard about but I just don't remember if it was on the
show yeah I thought so well this dude came out who looks like a
teamster in a sleeveless shirt but then I started noticing things like like his
his tattoos were kind of like so I just I hit the mistake that was not well I
just noticed he had tattoos that says even though he looked kind of
straight laced but then and then also he had like blue nail polish on it with
like yellow moons on the like somebody somebody had spent time on his nails and
then he said he's talking about the tree and how he can tell me if the tree
needs to be cut down which it does because it's dead but then he he needed
to talk to the tree for a second and as he stepped forward he realized that the
shirt he was wearing was a Gal Gadot Wonder Woman shirt there's just the
front didn't have anything on it but then the back that was like just the
greatest like reveal that he was wearing this like Wonder Woman shirt the
whole time but he went over to talk to the tree talk to the trees like he's
like this tree is like really sad and dying and dead and like did he put his
hand on it like how does he talk to it yeah I know why I didn't I that was my
mistake that his but he also showed us that he's like this is dangerous there's
like this shit on it like this kind of rot that it's like a fungus that grows
on dead wood and it like if the neighbor's kid like started playing
with it it could get really sick like it could he said he got he almost died
once because he inhaled a bunch of it and it like grows a fungus in your lungs
and stuff and that one a tree attacks that's well this I mean the tree has
just been dying for him for a long time it's like you know it's hollow you can
I mean it's like the roots aren't even connected to the trunk it's it's just
this giant eucalyptus tree that's like leaning towards my neighbor's house and
ready to fall on it the $8,000 it will cost to cut it down what do you split
that I don't know they have a landlord is the way that it will fall over and
crash into your like like into your house and kill everybody yeah it will it
will what it will one day fall on my neighbor's house we had to cut down when
I was a kid I grew up with giant eucalyptus trees in our neighborhood when
I was a little kid in testin and there was like the garage like that side of
the house and like a five foot gap and then the house and then in between that
was a hill with a giant like you know hundred foot eucalyptus tree this giant
tree and they cut it down and it fell exactly in between that these these
pros came in and did all this math and all this stuff and check the windage and
all this shit boom right in between the houses if it had gone a foot either way
it would have destroyed something yeah I don't think they do like that anymore I
think they do it in chunks yeah and that's why Floyd won't be a part of it
Floyd Floyd said he said I come here to tell you that the tree wants to be needs
to be cut down he's be you know put out of its misery or whatever and I won't do
it myself I won't take that money I won't take that job because I I he said he
characterized it like as he's gotten older he's learned to empathize with humans
almost as much as trees and so he's really worried about the day laborers
that you bring in to like these guys climb up if you if you've ever seen
these people bring down a big tree in Los Angeles it's harrowing yeah I I
understand what he's saying completely I can't believe that anyone asks anyone
to do that job it's insane like they go up with these with ropes and and they're
just chainsawing shit up there and they're tying things it's just like it
looks like a Cirque du Soleil act but but designed to kill a human and so he
doesn't want any part of that but he demanded that I notify him when we do
decide to cut the tree down because he wants to come out and do a memorial
service so which I definitely will be like recording I will I will I will not
be mocking it I think I but I will be I will be sharing it with as many people
as possible cuz I because this guy's definitely very interesting to it that's
pretty pretty weird I kept making jokes and he was just this is one of those
guys it's like my jokes were not landing with this guy you know like I was I was
like man I feel really bad like because I feel like I'm a party to this because I
moved into this house and I I replaced the pipes there were clay pipes from
1929 I mean like this tree must have been so excited when I moved in taking all
my nacho shits and stuff and now and then I replaced the pipes with plastic so
it's probably like that's probably part of it you know like I starved it out it
was it was roots were growing into my pipes and causing the sewage to back up
into my bathtub let's play a little this D&D show me all right D&D Dan well
Spencer hands down the the character sheets what was the sound that when
you heard Barbara and Nigel knocking things over like you hear some sort of
crash in the background yeah and I think it was this let it go a little
something like this or maybe when you heard that did you give a did you make
this response and then and then you go oh I had a lot to eat today so dick just
take a shit this is comedy you cannot find anywhere else this is public
radio level FM I guess not public I mean it's been a bad episode but this is
good this is what the people oh hello Dan Harmon oh shit a dinosaur on the
phone that sound like nobody wants a dinosaur on the fucking I think we
will we need to add the functionality where we can we can have we can just go
to the subscribers and they can ask questions up on the screen and then we
can answer them that'd be great so working on it yeah work harder this is
this is only gonna work on the people who are subscribing live but just once
again Cali is doing a Kickstarter it's only got two days left it seems like
she might not make it so donate it's important to me because we're
financially linked as a result of being roommates and if you wait too long I'll
flush you down a toilet kind of so good to be back you guys all right Spence
really missed you should we cue him up let's let's do that recap you guys
remember Jeff doesn't remember what what doesn't Jeff remember do you want
music for your recap or do you want to do this acapella I could do it either way
but answer my question before you start the music let's see I have notes here now
your notes what do you remember nothing it was a thousand years ago I promise it
was not brother Absalon might have a mission I wrote down do you remember
what that means nope as someone a horse adventure oh we're going out on the
adventure of passions gem yeah okay okay great so hit the music even though you
sounded less than thrilled about us choosing to go on the adventure of
passions gem if you'll recall I often sound less than thrilled about most
things kind of your thing yeah cue this guy up all right let's get some music up
here for some Spencer's last time on Harmon quest Harmontown Harmontown oh
yeah I'm a quest is a TV show oh shit up for last time on Harmontown what was
happening our heroes had completed their mission they returned to pure burn keep
to turn it in and they had a debriefing with the guys who took
Patchens to talk to him some more and you guys agreed to meet him and then you
went to the tavern you tried appetizers at the tavern but Diarrhea Jr. could not
be dissuaded by the snacks and instead went to seek out Patchens and he sought
him out and he found Patchens and Patchens was pissed Patchens was like I
just want to tell you guys fuck you guys and I'm leaving I gotta handle my
business and fuck you and he left and then Diarrhea Jr. went back to the
tavern and they discussed what to do and I think that Dan might have wanted to
help him and then Jeff didn't want to help him for a while and then Jeff really
wanted to help him and then Jeff went to help him and he summoned a horse oh
yeah he summoned the horse and he found Patchens and he told him to wait right
there and then he did wait right there and then they all arrived and talked to
Patchens and after a discussion they agreed to join the quest for Patchens
Jen now damn nice thank you all right so after that was brand Brandon played
Chad the fire like her for a little while but I did a whole lot get done
you guys now you agreed to do the quest and then Geffen showed up and he was
like hey it seems like everyone at this town is on pot or some shit which one's
Geffen Geffen was the guy that remember he came up on a horse and then he he
threw the prior horse it was white I don't think it was I don't remember but
he threw he's you'll recall the prior ran away in a combat and Geffen showed up
and was like yo and then he tossed the prior down to you guys and then he left
and then the debriefing he also just made an appearance right so now some
three of us going on the adventure of Patchens jam right and we're arriving
at this town which is the place where we think the banditos who were actually
disguised as banditos but were in fact gill professional assassins they they
they we were it's pretty clear they came from this town
doorknester it seemed like they did because it was a very nearby town to
the site of burglary and it's a town of roughs and brigands you know the kind
of people who commit crimes the name of that town is what doorknester doorknester
and I had and Geffen has left us but I said to him you know let us know if you
notice anything you know if you hear anything about a job that was taken by
any professionals involving way-laying strangers outside of town right you had
mentioned that to him but I didn't want to tell Geffen too much because we don't
know if he's a good guy or bad guy and he could be one of those good guys it
turns out to be a bad guy right okay so where do we stand right now we are we
on foot are we are we in doorknester are we are we are not in doorknester you
had kind of you would I don't remember exactly you're certainly on the way to
doorknester so we were pretty close yeah are we are we traveling on foot we've
got a wagon you're on foot alright far as I understand at the crest of a hill
you can see the town in the outlying area below you're kind of yeah you're at
the crest of a hill doorknester is calm and quiet with only a few flickering
lights visible in the night you can hear soft music as if from a loop that floats
gently into your ears a haunting and mournful harp melody I guess it's not a
loop it's a harp melody coming from the bat valley below you it's a it's it's it's a weird time
it's late in the night so it's a weird time to hear music let's go to the
concert is my my sort of arcane how easy would it be for me to recognize this is
possibly magical beguiling music you know you have a do you have any ranks in
knowledge okay I listen as close as I can Spencer all right I have only have
only have ranks in knowledge religion everything else is like checked off but
not I don't have any numbers right um what's your you guys heard my
intelligence has a mournful melody seven it's certainly amazing music you can't
divine whether or not it's magical it's uh it's highly skilled whoever's playing
it so we don't see who's playing no it's it's coming from really far away it's
kind of a it's carrying it's kind of repetitive it's kind of a one-note song
sounds like a morning zoo team we got to go we got to see this I love music I
love live music all right let's check out the music a few more minutes of travel
brings you to the edge of a very curious site a graveyard curious again within
the fence of the cemetery you can see skeletal undead creatures writhing along
around the fence they're kind of inside the cemetery kind of writhing around the
fence the music plays on
occasionally this is like one of those like Disney books where you press the
button the face um yeah so the skeletal creatures yeah inside the
graveyard occasionally you can see one of the gravestar gravestones in the
cemetery topples over you're still far off and nothing's noticed you yet okay
everybody get down so so so want to be clear on this what we're seeing like the
dead rising for that's not why the gravestones are getting toppled over
maybe yeah that's that's kind of what it's looking at and you said they're
writhing against the fence yeah they're kind of leaning up against the fence but
they're not like trying to beat it down or anything they're leaning up against
it you notice the cemetery is alive with movement in time with the music you can
hear thudding and bumping they're dancing throughout the cemetery rumbling
earth and shaking dew off of grass the the the gravestones themselves are
falling over as graves burst open and new corpses burst forth from the soil they
kind of get up and pull themselves out of the ground and start wandering around
a little bit but after a little tiny bit of wandering around they kind of they
kind of lose interest and just plop down on the soil like take a seat or like
lean up against something most of them are just kind of hanging out leaning up
against the fences this music is so good that the dead wanted they came back to
life to hear it I was full but mindless this doesn't look like something we
want to just jump into I think we should watch yeah okay do we see where the
music's coming from no it's a lot louder now that you're by the graveyard but you
can't tell it's kind of like there's forest around and you can't really pin
point a location is it still sounds it's night time is it is it to what how it's
called three in the morning misty and foggy so there's absolutely no way to
know we got people rising from their graves getting up walking around for
a second and then just kind of losing interest and hanging out right so
somebody's summoning the dead out of their out of their graves guys yeah
Spencer do I have like enhanced hearing do you have perception I have
perception of four you have mildly enhanced do you want to yeah yeah I use
my hearing to see or to listen for exactly where that music's coming from
all right you pinpointed it seems like there's there's a little bit of forest
interposing the graveyard and the town proper and it seems like it's coming
from within one of the stands of trees do you guys I right it's I think the
harp is coming from inside those that tree area so we go check it out let's
let's let's sneak up over there you guys have stuff right I got loads of
stealth this guy's got loads of stealth no no I don't I don't have any stealth
right you're not bone we have a five stealth okay that's good that might be
the best well I think you should check it out because if we don't want to
bumble over there all right Spence I'm gonna stealthily make my way to that
tree all right if there's any trouble come running back here okay I'm a
cleric okay dealing with zombies is my thing I just don't these are my
friendly zombies let's not attack them yet we don't have time for this
conversation they're all chilling and listening to the music man they're being
commanded by someone I did that that person probably has nefarious purposes
these are there's nothing nice about the undead they just follow orders yeah
go go sneak up and report back to us okay you attempt to sneak up but almost
instantly you hear the music abruptly stop and then from within the trees you
see a burst of ruby light and then and then nothing it's it's silent again but
the silence is quickly overtaken by the sounds of zombies not being as chilled
out as they were before oh no the music Ronan making noises how close how close
are Carlos and I to the zombies how far away do you want to be well I mean pretty
far yeah 50 yards okay I'll say 50 yards but Steve's much closer let's say Steve's
about 20 feet off so you guys are pretty far away kind of spying on Steve and
he's he's up trying to creep he was trying to creep kind of around or past the
graveyard and how far is that ruby light from where I was let's say 60 more than
100 feet oh 100 feet mm-hmm so it's not too far no but yeah it's not too far but
yeah now now the undead are starting to try and climb over the fence they're not
they're not very coordinated so it's hard and then others are trying to like rip
open the fence and break it down if we get bitten by the undead do them no
okay they just want to kill you and absorb your life essence are they
coming for us they're certainly do they see us you can't do the yeah you guys
from your vantage point can tell that they can see Steve because he's close
but you guys are apparently or it seems far enough away to be evading
detection and how many how many boogins we got right now right now there's eight
eight boogins we can handle eight clumsy boogins are they between me and that
like so I can't run back to no you can you're outside of the graveyard and
they're still inside the graveyard okay so they're not between me and them no
they're trying to be though oh boy all right I mean in regular Dungeons and
Dragons as a cleric I would have this power called turn on dead you know I
think you should have it can I see your sheet yeah turn on dead I think under
feats Spencer could I have a different loadout from last time but I've had time
to reset on that yeah absolutely and okay all right fuck it well I'm down if
you are I mean let's do this I got my offensive loadout right now I'm ready to
kick boogin but all right just just does this diary diarrhea looked like he's
any any any danger right now he certainly seems to be like seems to be
close to in danger I mean he's certainly being threatened by undead
they're just not like surrounding him well I said we take I said we go on the
offensive while they're still behind the fence and we can take some potshots
at him yeah we're there's no point stealth well let's just head for Steve
and help him all right well Steve should go first because he's the closest I'm
gonna go toward the Ruby okay all right you do that you go you can do a double
move 60 feet all right you get about halfway there if you sprint you could
get all the way there okay I'll sprint there all right you're winded but you
get there you can smell oh it smells like murr and but you don't really see
anything there's no real footprints or anything you can see there is a large
large like stump tree stump like of a tree that's been cut down in recent
history no just like a big old tree stump all right that's your turn one of
you guys go 50 yards that's 150 feet okay I say we get like in battle
formation with DJ so that we're close together or is it better to kind of do
get in flanking positions and kind of like kind of have them like because
there is a cemetery a big square enclosure or what is it it's a it's it's
mostly square it's like a rectangle like how big from side to side 50 feet by
30 feet okay once I get within 30 feet of all of them I have a chance to make
any or all of them flee okay that's what they're still within the bounds I'll be
right behind you and if I need to start throwing fire bolts I'm right behind you
because you know I like fire all right so you're 150 feet away it's gonna take
at least two turns to move into position if you sprint so okay we take that
first sprint all right you do that you're all everyone's winded now it's
great I mean it's tiring but it's great the undead their turn two undead come
over the fence and are closing in on diarrhea but they're still not to them
yet the other undead there was eight the other six undead break open the fence
and they're starting to spill out through the side of the fence kind of now
blocking off diarrhea is path to Dan and Jeff so now you're kind of surrounding
them in a way but there's more of them than you so okay now it's a let's let's
let's get these guys in the crossfire how far away from them or am I your 20
feet from the nearest to and they're moving pretty slowly yeah these are
these are slow moving a dead they they move very slowly zombies if you want to
think we can make someone else's no no I want to I want to take out my bow and
go for some headshots you know from your clerical experience that headshots
don't kill zombies like in the walking dead they don't one shot at least I mean
there's still it's damages damage but it's not what do I know well they're
magic so you know you just kind of have to destroy the corpse all right well
then I go for the easiest body part to hit all right Center of Mass what's your
attack bonus plus five okay time three for a crit what's the damage remember
anyone shit I used to know all this where does it say that oh 128 plus two is
that possible one one D8 one D8 yeah listen then to people read all right
low-key low-key episode yeah whatever you slice one of the zombies in half he
goes down with an arrow oh wait you're shooting him okay my bow you don't you
shoot him it barely affects him damn it oh man well sinks right into his soft
zombie flesh should use that sword Jack yeah that's what I thought was happening
my bad that's okay all right Dan and or Jeff take it in well my goal is to get
within 30 feet of as many of these guys as possible so you can do that but you
can't also act like you can sprint the rest of the way but you can't sprint and
then yeah yeah well so I'll spend this term positioning myself great you do
that you put yourself into what you think will be exactly the space that the
zombies will be able to move into on their turn okay I guess I guess I do the
same thing it's tactically sound all right the zombies they they come very
close to you but they can't you know you really measured it right what's our
range right now you're within 10 feet of these guys they've made their move
until back in our court right they're kind of yeah they're right into your
trap so to speak if you're setting a trap the other zombie who's the other two
zombies who are both not dead come at come at diarrhea they're throwing hands
what's your armor class it should be towards the top left top left oh shit
they they they stab at you with their bony fingers but it just glances
harmlessly off your your armor it's good armor and they're just zombies so
oh you do see this is something I always forget but as they approach you
you get an attack of opportunity because they entered a space you threaten yep
opportunity what's your attack bonus for melee for melee yeah like the arrow one
that you did sorry people for my full attack no for your attack attack just
one of them when is my phone coming I think stay focused this next week I
think within a week within a week I got my phone later than everybody I feel I
can't guys helping me I can't tell you how terrible I feel about it it's I have
an iPhone X and I feel like that's the worst possible outcome like I would
rather you had mine and yours like weeks after you're getting yours then what
actually happened which is me having one and you not have but it's on Verizon so
maybe that no that is why because the second we could get an AT&T phone it
was two weeks but I did mine after that and it was like launch day Verizon so
yeah I think it was just AT&T sorry everybody great tangent attack of
opportunity it fails no what Carlos fuck all right am I in position yep oh hi
hall flame ah ha not good gibberish what's your what's my what's my comedy
sports workshop level basic yeah what you see me level are you home hall flame
all great what am I chubby chase it's wait sorry what you were charisma charisma
yeah 16 brandy modifier plus three all right turn all right four of them flee
two of them don't flee what do they do they don't flee that's it so you what's
the spell called you just cast turn on dead turn of the meaning they just turn
him bone out it's more of a they literally more of a feet they boned out
feets rarely fail me now all right so now we're down to what we're down to four
boogins do oh yeah we'll yeah four because two for Steve and two for you
guys all right some in nature's ally what are you summoning what do I got I
don't have my list for that some in nature's ally I should get up in the
morning your daughter's going to college get a cup of coffee from a company that
lets you fucker hello I'm Sam Elliott for Keurig you know just because your
daughter's going to cause me it's too old fuck I'm no good at child molestation
until I've had my first cup come to Keurig there's a saying in Alabama the
early bird gets the worm the worm gets the early bird you know what I mean if
there's grass in the field it's time to play ball what level get out in front of
your lover what is good the exciting energy boosts a level one a current coffee cup okay
dire rat dolphin dog eagle poison frog giant centipede fire beetle pony
Sturge which is like a bat I'm gonna summon pony I'm gonna get on that pony
and I'm gonna fucking start just a Palomino Palomino it's a Palomino don't
distract the kid wait is there a Palomino or just pony it's a non-descript
horse it may very well be okay I'm gonna get on that horse for two reasons one
because it gives me a better attack that advantage and I know it's gonna make
DJ fucking fire the hell up and stop failing all of his attacks of
opportunity I summon a horse all right summon horse what do you want the horse
to do I want him to appear next to me and saddled up and ready for action all
right it does that all right I get on the horse okay is that my whole move yeah
but the horse can do something um he tries to run to the nearest one down
just like just trample them okay can I name my horse yeah you have to yeah
Stuart you know young girls are getting faster every day that means they're
harder to catch but doesn't mean your coffee can't be delicious it all do
correct five thousand no hammer can take it apart you can throw it off any
apartment building from floors four and lower and I'll be darned if the coffee
isn't still just as piping hot and good as it can be hey it's your coffee we just
support pedophilia we're doing no we don't anymore when we don't yeah this is
like this is the company if we're the coffee company doesn't care what you
watch like what that the world that bad guy wants to live in right like this oh
yeah yeah just because we're dedicated to profit doesn't mean we can have an
agenda and then we want that agenda to be as criminal as possible hello I'm Mr.
Coffee I support pedophilia 100% you know the age of consent in Mr. Coffee's
land of origin is a ripe 11 it's true I'm British look it up let's get back to
work here all right so you run one of you you try to run two of them over you
you knock them both down but you only really like stomp on one of them so you
stomp one of them to death oh shit dealing five damn way to go Stuart I
give him a nice little little little pat oh yeah he's digging it he likes that
yeah the other one the other one kind of gets knocked over but it's not dead I
continue my right and kind of circle back into action kind of real reposition
all right yeah and Dan went zombies okay the zombies attack they attack Dan
sorry that was that my fault was my sound effects so good that I made a
critical hit you take 12 damage oh no you have to endow that zombie was such
a bellicose what was that that man it's called game over yeah I guess it was
pepper all right and and Steve also gets attacked by two zombies one of them
smacks you in the face out for damage so it's just one zombie took got me for
12 is a critical yeah and I rolled really does it leave any cool scars like
battle scars it only really leaves a really embarrassing scar what a bummer
it's like a cup mark yeah that's because I'm like purple circle on your butt
all right all right go for it who's sure I think DJ can I do so how many are by
me to to can I attack both of them with my elvish blade yeah what's your full
attack now my full attack yeah you can full attack at this point plus five
plus five awesome all right you hit with both what's the damage on the full attack
1d10 plus 1d6 plus 8 it is 10 o'clock to see guys know hmm oh man you cut them
both down you smash one in the head with your shield and slice the other one in
half you like that one yeah well it was that was great appropriate sort of like
like it turned it turned role playing into like a sports event man there's a
guy who makes an app for this for DMing and he'd be so pissed if we knew he would
knew we were just using a soundboard and not his crazy app that he gave me for
free I want the app I don't it's okay to work okay then I don't want that no I
mean you oh you could do it you could this is a great idea you could do the
music it's a bad call I don't know what that was gonna be put a put a window in
the windowless van of your fatigue with current coffee you don't want windows
yeah eliminate the window of there you go of exhaustion you know your van
sitting all day in your van outside the kindergarten is awful tiresome that's
why I turned to the cool refreshing cup of current coffee if child blood was it
came out of the faucet this cup we wouldn't need coffee here's to the rest
of us I guess I guess I'm graduating the guy to murder nice all right so so what
we had you guys are having a turn okay there's one zombie left one zombie left
do one of my spells says fire blade but I don't think I have a sword other than
my knife do it conjures a fire blade oh well I'm riding around on Stuart the
horse I'm gonna conjure a fire blade and finish the job all right fire blade do
you know how much damage the fire blade does it probably does one the back of
just ages that's smiling dick on it fire blade where are you show me show
yourself a blade flame blade it's a what 1d8 plus one for two spells yeah so
one day it was one off all right you you slice it right in the neck and it
catches fire holy fire like a silver flame it catches silver flames and the
silver flames consume it it's like oh yeah it burns to fine white ash it's
way hotter than a normal fire would be fucking flame blade yeah now I might
just left holding a flame blade for the next two minutes or what for a couple
turns yeah okay what happens if you smoke that ash that's you can't just
muse I kind of want to be like the guy in flesh and blood there's this movie
flesh and blood with Rutger Howard Jennifer Jason Lee it's like really
awesome like medieval movie and there's like a cleric kind of guy in it and
this is my impression of him I see a sign from the gods I see a silver flame
consuming the rotting flesh of our enemy and I see Chad the fire like holding
that flame this is our destiny we are here to conquer cliffing we did it
everybody where's that music or come on give me some music here we go we did it
again let's watch a movie called flesh and blood with Rutger Howard Jennifer
Jason Lee that was an amazing ending it's a little sexually problematic it's
kind of like slightly to the misogynistic side of peckingpaw but but it's
still a really cool movie if you know you don't get enough D&D in movies let's
think everybody here we got Zach and Kevin and Sarah and Ellen Kevin and
everybody they're not Kevin Chris or god damn it and how about me I'm your
comatroller Jeff Davis I think you're having me back everybody let's have a
Spencer Crittenden the Game Master extraordinaire church on photos wherever
she's gone we did it again Dan rapping his heart away Dan how many a mayor
everybody thank you so much for coming we'll see you on the flip-flop
that's fast take chances good night all
did you get any of that it's a good show